This video will demonstrate how to load a palette of components from a repository.
A GitHub Access Token needs to be set in your settings to be able to access the ICRAR/EAGLE repositories. This will need the correct permissions - "read:public_key", "read:user", and "repo"
To create a token, navigate to GitHub and log in to your account.
Go to your account settings, then to "Developer settings", and click on "Personal access tokens". This will take you to the page where you can generate a new token.
Each personal access token needs a unique description, which you enter in the text box. The video will show you where to locate the required permissions.
If you click the clipboard icon, it will copy the token to your clipboard. After you navigate away from this page, you will not be shown this token again. You can re-generate it later, or create a new one, but otherwise you will need to save this string somewhere safe.
Back in Eagle, open your settings and enter the new token in the GitHub Access Token field.
The new palette will appear beneath the list of default nodes. Collapse this list to access it more easily.
Navigate to the palette file in the ICRAR/EAGLE graph repository. It will end in ".palette".
The list of components from the palette will now appear in the left hand panel.